I'm trying this one more time this time
I opened it up to all levels so there
may be higher level people of course
some people complain that I got carried
even though I'm the one who did best in
the multiplayer match wheezes are you
from all right damn it fucking Crillon
that's gonna go and leave me alone you
fucker
Wow
cipriana chef damn christian no match
here Ashley don't do this hi Trish
why is done little hustle destructive
this is going a little bit better of
course trunks attacks me because I was
attacking Vegeta of course
what the fuck you didn't lock on even
though he was locked on before nice time
out there hitting don't think this is
the end my stamina
this isn't home nice
sumbitch
it's going way better
grab my ass dick here got a skill all
right here they come the final three
it's your turn Gohan make things right
restore peace to this morning go on
and then the search of this Farage oh
gosh it
I better heal I like how I kick it up oh
my mind you is fucking still open what
the hell i fall out on the camera oh
come on he fell out again you can lucky
as hell why why is it you on one against
me where the hell are my teammates SAT
it I can still go two more
oh my god i just put to take a loan out
two on one again what is going on not
good didn't think I'd be pushed this
month Jesus
what explain their raps longer than I
expected
Wow
where's the power coming
oh my god
haha Beckford
still not gay Jesus
finally I just couldn't do it
Oh your iced so ordinary what a mission
dude that's the best rank of G be around
for long we had an overpowered team we
got a rank of d I got the super tech
god-breaker that I got a new attack
whatever that is what on earth dude life
is so hard even with a team of three
overpowered dudes fuck a barely beat it
what the hell that didn't make any sense
now what the hell's this
hopefully it's saved but who knows I
don't even know the state a might not
have saved that if it didn't save it
means I don't even get it I don't even
get the ability god-breaker what we'll
see what happens i guess